README.md, before:

# Embedded Systems Engineering Road Map

## Engineering Foundations

### Mathematics

#### Basic Mathematics

&#128366; [Prealgebra 2nd ed](https://openstax.org/details/books/prealgebra-2e)  
&#128366; [Contemporary Mathematics](https://openstax.org/details/books/contemporary-mathematics)  

#### Algebra

#### Statistics

#### Trigonometry

#### Linear Algebra

&#128366; [Linear Algebra Done Right](https://linear.axler.net/)  

#### Calculus

&#128366; [Calculus 3rd ed, Gilbert Strang](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/res-18-001-calculus-fall-2023/pages/textbook/)

### Computer Science

#### Design Patterns

&#128366; Head First - Design Patterns

### Electrical Engineering

#### Electrical Circuits

#### Electronic Fundamentals

#### Digital Design

#### Control Theory

#### Digital Signal Processing

&#128366; [Think DSP: Digital Signal Processing in Python](https://greenteapress.com/wp/think-dsp/)  
&#128366; [Digital Signal Processing Using the ARM Cortex M4](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Digital+Signal+Processing+Using+the+ARM+Cortex+M4-p-9781118859049)

#### EMC

#### Software Engineering

## Soft Skills

### Learning

&#128366; How We Learn: The New Science of Education and the Brain  
&#128366; Teach Yourself How to Learn: Strategies You Can Use to Ace Any Course at Any Level  
&#128366; The Socratic Method: A Practitioner’s Handbook if have a suitable field  

### Communication

#### Articulate

&#128366; [How to Win Friends and Influence People](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/How_to_Win_Friends_and_Influence_People)  

#### Writing

##### Grammar

&#128366; [The Elements of Style, Fourth Edition](https://a.co/d/4ya52iO)  

##### Style

&#128366; The Insider's Guide to Technical Writing  

#### Presentation Skills

### Problem Solving

#### Analysis

&#128366; The Ideal Problem Solver  
&#128366; Think Like a Programmer  

#### Resilience
  
&#128366; [Resilience](https://a.co/d/2cAcIYV)  

### Critical Thinking

&#128366; Critical Thinking (The MIT Press Essential Knowledge series), Jonathan Haber

### Teamwork

#### Emotional Intelligence

&#128366; Emotional Intelligence by Daniel Goleman

### Being Driven

#### Goal Setting

&#128366; [How to Set Goals with Kaizen and Ikigai](https://amzn.eu/d/fGTKVKB)  

#### Motivation

&#128366; [Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us, Daniel H. Pink](https://www.danpink.com/books/drive/)  

#### Execution

&#128366; [4 Disciplines of Execution: Getting Strategy Done](https://amzn.eu/d/9uJogZ1)  

#### Time Management

&#128366; The Productivity Project

## Embedded Systems

### Design Fundamentals

### Microcontrollers

#### Development Kits

#### Arduino

[Arduino® UNO R4 WiFi](https://store.arduino.cc/en-se/collections/boards-modules/products/uno-r4-wifi)  

#### Architectures

##### ARM

&#128366; "The Definitive Guide to ARM Cortex-M3 and Cortex-M4 Processors" by Joseph Yiu  

##### RISC-V

##### AVR

##### Xtensa

### FPGAs

### Sensors

### Actuators

### Prototyping

### PCB Design

### Communication Protocols

#### Basic Serial

##### UART

&#128279; [UART Protocols and Applications in Embedded Systems](https://www.embedded.com/understanding-the-uart/)  

##### I2C

&#128366; [The Book of I²C: A Guide for Adventurers](https://nostarch.com/book-i%C2%B2c)  

##### SPI

&#128279; [SparkFun - Serial Peripheral Interface(SPI)](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/serial-peripheral-interface-spi/all)

#### High-Speed

#### Wireless

##### Bluetooth

&#127891; [Bluetooth Low Energy Fundamentals](https://academy.nordicsemi.com/courses/bluetooth-low-energy-fundamentals/)  
&#127891; [Building an Ultra-Low Power Scalable Weather Station](https://academy.novelbits.io/register/nordic-pawr-weather-station-ble/?_gl=1*jxzfjs*_ga*MTU4Mjg5NzM1OS4xNzI2OTg1MTM2*_ga_FTRKLL78BY*MTcyNjk4NTEzNi4xLjEuMTcyNjk4NTE2Ni4zMC4wLjA.*_gcl_au*MjQ1NTgwMTQ2LjE3MjY5ODUxMzc.)  

#### Network

#### Industrial

#### Cellular

### Systems Programming

#### C

&#128366; [Beej's Guide to C Programming](https://beej.us/guide/bgc/)  
&#128366; [Modern C, Third Edition](https://www.manning.com/books/modern-c-third-edition)  
&#128279; [The GNU C Reference Manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/gnu-c-manual/gnu-c-manual.html)  

#### C++

Programming: Principles and Practice Using C++ (C++ In-depth) 3rd Edition  
C++ Software Design: Design Principles and Patterns for High-Quality Software  
Real-Time C++: Efficient Object-Oriented and Template Microcontroller Programming  

#### Rust

&#128279;[The Embedded Rust Book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/embedded-book/intro/index.html)  

#### Assembly

#### Python

&#128366; [Python Crash Course, 3rd Ed.](https://nostarch.com/python-crash-course-3rd-edition)  
&#128366; [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/)  
&#128366; [Effective Python: 125 Specific Ways to Write Better Python, 3rd Ed.](https://www.pearson.com/en-us/subject-catalog/p/effective-python-125-specific-ways-to-write-better-python/P200000010820/9780138172275) 

### Debugging

### Testing

#### Software In the Loop

&#128279; Renode

### Operating Systems

### Security

https://a.co/d/ic4sy1o  
https://nostarch.com/engineering-secure-devices  

### GUI

### Test Equipment

## Resources

This roadmap is influenced by the following great resources.

[16 Essential Skills of Embedded Product Development](https://swedishembedded.com/product/skills)  
[Embedded Systems Engineering Roadmap](https://github.com/m3y54m/Embedded-Engineering-Roadmap)  
[Path to Senior Engineer Handbook](https://github.com/jordan-cutler/path-to-senior-engineer-handbook)  
[Open Source Society University](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science)  
Roadmap.sh[Developer Roadmaps](https://roadmap.sh/)  
[16x Engineer](https://16x.engineer/)  
[Software Engineer's Library](https://kevinsmith.io/library/)

Commit message:

Add book tip on problem solving.

README.md, after:

# Embedded Systems Engineering Road Map

## Engineering Foundations

### Mathematics

#### Basic Mathematics

&#128366; [Prealgebra 2nd ed](https://openstax.org/details/books/prealgebra-2e)  
&#128366; [Contemporary Mathematics](https://openstax.org/details/books/contemporary-mathematics)  

#### Algebra

#### Statistics

#### Trigonometry

#### Linear Algebra

&#128366; [Linear Algebra Done Right](https://linear.axler.net/)  

#### Calculus

&#128366; [Calculus 3rd ed, Gilbert Strang](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/res-18-001-calculus-fall-2023/pages/textbook/)

### Computer Science

#### Design Patterns

&#128366; Head First - Design Patterns

### Electrical Engineering

#### Electrical Circuits

#### Electronic Fundamentals

#### Digital Design

#### Control Theory

#### Digital Signal Processing

&#128366; [Think DSP: Digital Signal Processing in Python](https://greenteapress.com/wp/think-dsp/)  
&#128366; [Digital Signal Processing Using the ARM Cortex M4](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Digital+Signal+Processing+Using+the+ARM+Cortex+M4-p-9781118859049)

#### EMC

#### Software Engineering

## Soft Skills

### Learning

&#128366; How We Learn: The New Science of Education and the Brain  
&#128366; Teach Yourself How to Learn: Strategies You Can Use to Ace Any Course at Any Level  
&#128366; The Socratic Method: A Practitioner’s Handbook if have a suitable field  

### Communication

#### Articulate

&#128366; [How to Win Friends and Influence People](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/How_to_Win_Friends_and_Influence_People)  

#### Writing

##### Grammar

&#128366; [The Elements of Style, Fourth Edition](https://a.co/d/4ya52iO)  

##### Style

&#128366; The Insider's Guide to Technical Writing  

#### Presentation Skills

### Problem Solving

[Bulletproof Problem Solving: The One Skill That Changes Everything](https://a.co/d/dHdV4ff)  

#### Analysis

&#128366; The Ideal Problem Solver  
&#128366; Think Like a Programmer  

#### Resilience
  
&#128366; [Resilience](https://a.co/d/2cAcIYV)  

### Critical Thinking

&#128366; Critical Thinking (The MIT Press Essential Knowledge series), Jonathan Haber

### Teamwork

#### Emotional Intelligence

&#128366; Emotional Intelligence by Daniel Goleman

### Being Driven

#### Goal Setting

&#128366; [How to Set Goals with Kaizen and Ikigai](https://amzn.eu/d/fGTKVKB)  

#### Motivation

&#128366; [Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us, Daniel H. Pink](https://www.danpink.com/books/drive/)  

#### Execution

&#128366; [4 Disciplines of Execution: Getting Strategy Done](https://amzn.eu/d/9uJogZ1)  

#### Time Management

&#128366; The Productivity Project

## Embedded Systems

### Design Fundamentals

### Microcontrollers

#### Development Kits

#### Arduino

[Arduino® UNO R4 WiFi](https://store.arduino.cc/en-se/collections/boards-modules/products/uno-r4-wifi)  

#### Architectures

##### ARM

&#128366; "The Definitive Guide to ARM Cortex-M3 and Cortex-M4 Processors" by Joseph Yiu  

##### RISC-V

##### AVR

##### Xtensa

### FPGAs

### Sensors

### Actuators

### Prototyping

### PCB Design

### Communication Protocols

#### Basic Serial

##### UART

&#128279; [UART Protocols and Applications in Embedded Systems](https://www.embedded.com/understanding-the-uart/)  

##### I2C

&#128366; [The Book of I²C: A Guide for Adventurers](https://nostarch.com/book-i%C2%B2c)  

##### SPI

&#128279; [SparkFun - Serial Peripheral Interface(SPI)](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/serial-peripheral-interface-spi/all)

#### High-Speed

#### Wireless

##### Bluetooth

&#127891; [Bluetooth Low Energy Fundamentals](https://academy.nordicsemi.com/courses/bluetooth-low-energy-fundamentals/)  
&#127891; [Building an Ultra-Low Power Scalable Weather Station](https://academy.novelbits.io/register/nordic-pawr-weather-station-ble/?_gl=1*jxzfjs*_ga*MTU4Mjg5NzM1OS4xNzI2OTg1MTM2*_ga_FTRKLL78BY*MTcyNjk4NTEzNi4xLjEuMTcyNjk4NTE2Ni4zMC4wLjA.*_gcl_au*MjQ1NTgwMTQ2LjE3MjY5ODUxMzc.)  

#### Network

#### Industrial

#### Cellular

### Systems Programming

#### C

&#128366; [Beej's Guide to C Programming](https://beej.us/guide/bgc/)  
&#128366; [Modern C, Third Edition](https://www.manning.com/books/modern-c-third-edition)  
&#128279; [The GNU C Reference Manual](https://www.gnu.org/software/gnu-c-manual/gnu-c-manual.html)  

#### C++

Programming: Principles and Practice Using C++ (C++ In-depth) 3rd Edition  
C++ Software Design: Design Principles and Patterns for High-Quality Software  
Real-Time C++: Efficient Object-Oriented and Template Microcontroller Programming  

#### Rust

&#128279;[The Embedded Rust Book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/embedded-book/intro/index.html)  

#### Assembly

#### Python

&#128366; [Python Crash Course, 3rd Ed.](https://nostarch.com/python-crash-course-3rd-edition)  
&#128366; [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/)  
&#128366; [Effective Python: 125 Specific Ways to Write Better Python, 3rd Ed.](https://www.pearson.com/en-us/subject-catalog/p/effective-python-125-specific-ways-to-write-better-python/P200000010820/9780138172275) 

### Debugging

### Testing

#### Software In the Loop

&#128279; Renode

### Operating Systems

### Security

https://a.co/d/ic4sy1o  
https://nostarch.com/engineering-secure-devices  

### GUI

### Test Equipment

## Resources

This roadmap is influenced by the following great resources.

[16 Essential Skills of Embedded Product Development](https://swedishembedded.com/product/skills)  
[Embedded Systems Engineering Roadmap](https://github.com/m3y54m/Embedded-Engineering-Roadmap)  
[Path to Senior Engineer Handbook](https://github.com/jordan-cutler/path-to-senior-engineer-handbook)  
[Open Source Society University](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science)  
Roadmap.sh[Developer Roadmaps](https://roadmap.sh/)  
[16x Engineer](https://16x.engineer/)  
[Software Engineer's Library](https://kevinsmith.io/library/)
